After our golf game, I started thinking about my the biggest value add to a start-up and to your start up specifically. Essentially, I have 7 years of creating and designing knowledge archeteture and access to massive amounts of GTM knowlede.  
Palette is an idea I first came up when working on a science team to build a relivance infrastrucutre for POI knowledge graph of about 25 billion nodes, where there was just one main prompt and our team spent most of our time currating that single prompt and testing changes.  I wanted to create a system that does the work of a team of Language Engineers, with 2 tiers, one for testing possible changes at scale, and the second the final prompt. When I started building agents at AWS, I added a third tier to my local data pipeline infrastructure, a middle tier of agents, that take the decisions made by testing a problem against a solution and actually build whatever is necessary before ever getting to the core prompt, which I call assumptions. I took that project that I have essentially been building out for 2.5 years and optimized it, validated it extensivly, ran it through AWS Solutions Engineering Prof of Concept validation tools, and just made the whole thing as robust as I could.
For the GTM knowledge, I actually helped build a chatbot that took the vast troves of blog posts, POC docuements, archetetural frameworks, migration automation, etc. and synthesized that information into ask and answer GTM documentation.  I worked on the relivance, along with 3 other teams that owned different data sources or the tool itself, so I know that I am not going to do better than they did on that piece.  Nor am I going to take thousands of screenshots of internal code that was written by often half wit Solutions Archetects just to get the sale accross the line. So I created two artifacts: 1) an optimized taxonomy in YAML that is essentially what I would design for AWS if I could start from scratch. I use all existing "use cases" which in AWS means a problem connected to a solution. Those solutions are hard fought, and proven. They cover everything AWS helps build, which is roughly equivelant to anything that can be built using a cloud platform. It also does not get outdated fast, because while getting to solutions does get better, as in an LLM can do X, an agent can do Y, the core problem the customer has, and the desired solution to get there are relitivly static. Then I wanted to get all the GTM resource information, and so after much though I decided to create a library.  I had already helped build a chatbot that can take endless amounts of information, sort for what is useful and up to date, and render real advice based on developed GTM solutions. So I Simply came up with a robust set of questions, and asked that chat bot, in three iterations. Then I had the information provided validated with internal tooling and itterated out improvement to get Question + Answer + source along with the metadata to connect it to the taxonomy. Many of those sources are public, as anything GTM related has to be shared to customers at some point. SO the sources are often verifiable, updated and coudl be cross referenced to make sure they dont get stale. Other sources could be added too, by scrapping Google, Meta or other open source infrastructure. GTM knowledge is so plentiful these days that the way I see it, we could just manually add a source we know is good when we find them, and then for any area we feel is lacking we can do concerted deep dives to keep the library up to date. 
The end result is an Agent Toolkit, Im calling Palette, but we could call it anything. Where you put in essentially any problem we would want to solve, it is callified in the taxonomy, routed to an agent that already has a huge amout of information on how to do that task as far as internal code ans construction framework to the library about how to solve any problem, and when the agent does a good job for long enough we promote it.  What I would hope is that On day one, I could come in here be given a few problems, and immediatly be a manager of agents solving that issue.