gafatti - discover artists - artist discovery engine 
NTURAL - STORY - SUPER TALENTED CANT PAY RENT... 


small stores Rossi mission - Rossi Maria - Rossi Hoolywood. - a francise where young artist hang out

a point of contact for artists - live art - try to get art next to someone famous. 

Scouting - 

Surprime - They tried everyting, failed and then found the product / market fit
- model or example
- ZO ZIGGLER
- https://chito.international/
- GX1000 - staking company 
- FA fucking Awesome form LA - didnt make it... WHY? 
- stussi - how did they make it... why - first model 
- A LIFE - STARTED MODEL - new york - artist coolaboration to get one design - colab with addidas 

one big artist making - be discovery for others. 

Good Grafatti to stop bad grafatti - some folks do a piece of grafatti that is ugly... have a service to make somehting beautiful so other grafatti artists would be less likely to do graffiti randomly.  


Make grafitti into fine art. - low brown art
- musuams 


fundraising - money goes directly to people 


Drop - Well know artist - ******

MQ - 120 hoodies in one day. 

- crew neck, and hoodie,
MQue, Jenks(instagram) snowmonkey_lives@fliker google Kirian Swan Styles, Clair Blanaersnach()

Twist - been in museams. 

Jinkinoko - Japan 

Cafe - free bathroom + wifi anywhere --- a secondary reason to come. 

Learn about artists - tourists 
Members - show in each place - grafatti artists around the world - cycle - discover grafati arists around the world. - go to place - make the art and have it show. 

Clothing + art mix  



Art sells with a story 
Every artist has their own staricase    


1. yes ; 2. no I mean our existing writting agent. 3. lets do a slide deck and written brief. We can start making all the decsiisons in real time and then get the information we need to finish the agentic creation we need. 4. yes, that sounds good.





1. yes ; 2. no I mean our existing writting agent. 3. lets do a slide deck and written brief. We can start making all the decsiisons in real time and then get the information we need to finish the agentic creation we need. 4. yes, that sounds good.

ROLES 
Argy - not just SF market, all markets world wide to see what has worked where and why. 
Rest is good

Constraints. 
These are some hard "MUSTs" - I dont disagree with them, but they should be validated if only to be able to explain why. THe research I provided was to provide context. Not make all of our decisisons. That said, I do agree with the points made there. 
"Content" - perhaps needs to be clarified. This can be Products too.  We are talking about Grafatti, so the lines are blured. 

Non-Goals
I agree with all of these iexept for the Optimizing for maimum revenue growth. Revenue is not our only goal, but it is the main problem the organziation is currently facing. We do need to maximum profit in what we do, even if that is not all we do. 

Success Criteria is good